SMSI-1009: add proxy.confidence field (#212)
fingerprintjs/fingerprint-pro-server-api-openapi: .changeset/modern-moons-pick.md

> ---
> 'fingerprint-pro-server-api-openapi': minor
> ---
> 
> **events**: Adds support for proxy detection confidence, both for residential and public web proxies.
> 
> **webhook**: Adds support for proxy detection confidence, both for residential and public web proxies.

Reviewer: Changes to Smart signal schemas affect multiple scopes (`events`, `events-search`, `webhook`). We don't have strong conventions here yet, but so far we have usually just left out the scope in the changeset file, like this.

```suggestion
---
'fingerprint-pro-server-api-openapi': minor
---

Add `confidence` property to the Proxy detection Smart Signal, which now supports both residential and public web proxies.
```

Reviewer: @ilfa The CLI leads users to the wrong path here, since it only offers a choice of a single scope. Should we adjust the CLI script to also offer `smart-signals` as a scope, or `no scope`, or something similar?
